# foodinsecurity

Our project is aimed at addressing food insecurity amongst the UCLA student community and its detrimental effects on a student's physical and mental well-being. The map aims to empower students through exposure to their experiences and the available resources within the community. Further development of our project can include understanding user feedback, expansion of available resources, and increased promotion and outreach. By reaching bigger audiences within the community and also taking into account how users feel we can improve the project, we can build long-term sustainability for the future. An additional expansion of resources such as various programs, food panties, or other relevant services can cater to specific student feedback and experiences. Some problem we may face is the integration of data and gathering the relevant information as well as ensuring the protection of private information and considering the student experience. Utilizing JavaScipt and Leaflet within our project, we can create further accessibility and understanding through well-coded buttons, links, and visualizations that can further inform and foster community understanding of food insecurity within the UCLA community. Future development of our project will hopefully develop into a dashboard for the UCLA community, initiating a conversation between UCLA groups such as the UCLA Healthy Campus Initiative, UCLA Eat Well, and UCLA Fitted. UCLA Eat Well and UCLA Fitted are catered to maintaining student welfare and the promotion of healthy living, so access to a food insecurity resource is vital. These organizations could utilize this resource by exposing UCLA to the student experience and helping highlight how students are handling their own food security. Additionally, making a dashboard that highlights the student experience can perpetuate future dialogue and changes toward bettering this community condition. By actively developing this resource, we can create a culture of student empowerment and address food-insecurity within the UCLA community.
